# File System and Module Exports/Imports Exercise

## Part 1: Todo Application

Create a Node.js application that allows the user to perform CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete) operations on a list of todos. The application should use the file system module to store the todos in a file.

You should create two files for this application:

1. `todos.js` file should export the following functions:

- createTodo function: Adds a new todo to the list.
- getTodos function: Returns a list of all the todos.
- updateTodo function: Updates a todo with a given id.
- deleteTodo function: Deletes a todo with a given id.

2. `cli.js` file should import the functions from `todos.js` file and use them to handle user input from the command line. The user should be able to add, read, update and delete todos from the command line.

## Part 2: Testing the Application

Test the application by running it in the terminal. You should be able to use the following commands to perform CRUD operations:

- `create` command: Adds a new todo to the list.
- `read` command: Returns a list of all the todos.
- `update` command: Updates a todo with a given id.
- `delete` command: Deletes a todo with a given id.

**Here's an example of how the application should behave:**
```bash
$ node cli.js create "Buy milk"
Todo added successfully!
$ node cli.js create "Walk the dog"
Todo added successfully!
$ node cli.js read
1. Buy milk
2. Walk the dog
$ node cli.js update 1 "Buy bread"
Todo updated successfully!
$ node cli.js read
1. Buy bread
2. Walk the dog
$ node cli.js delete 2
Todo deleted successfully!
$ node cli.js read
1. Buy bread
```
## Submission
***this step is optional :*** 
Create a GitHub repository and upload your `todos.js` and `cli.js` files to the repository. Make sure that the application works as expected and include clear instructions on how to run it. Once you're done, share the repository link with your instructor.

### **Note :**

Once the file is open, you can switch to the Markdown preview by clicking the "Open Preview" button in the upper-right corner of the editor. Alternatively, you can use the "Open Preview" menu option after select file and click right in mouse or the keyboard shortcut "Ctrl + Shift + V" to open the preview.
